and this is a full closure with an
invisible part and i love it i use a
different technique this time so I'm
just so in love with this hey it's not
even funny like I mean like speaking so
loud but I'm actually about to head out
and I just wanna make a quick video of
it and this is the hair oh my gosh like
look at that look at my hair guys oh my
gosh again I have the Remi on the bottom
I have the beauty went on top and then
I'm you guys believe actually ran out of
hair sad to go get another pack of hair
so I got another think that was Alma
premium was something I'm not to shove
the name of the hip I got another pack
of hair but I don't think you guys can
see the difference actually curly
earlier but I took a shower cuz I'm
trying to go pick up my girlfriend so we
can go out you guys gonna see my little
outfit that I have one nothing special
but just you know like that so yeah I'm
just gonna put on my shoes and all that
stuff I just wore this little thing cuz
I wasn't trying to dress up cuz I'm
really really gonna dress up tomorrow
tonight just to go get so grab some
drinks with the girls and just sit down
and chill chill relax and talk about you
know but look at my makeup guys my skin
is so beautiful OMG i have no makeup on
I just have I just did my eyebrow and my
my eyeliner in my a little bit of like
eye shadow just like a gold eyeshadow
and master no foundation nothing i'm
gonna keep it like that cuz it's too hot
you go to the bar and it's like so
freakin hot that um when you dep your
nose it's like the the makeup is coming
off i'm just not like that and thanks
babes might one of my best friend gave
me this for on graduation i love it
thank you and um again this is the hair
I don't know if you guys can see it
perfectly forget the ends I having curly
right well you got
okay see ya mmm I'm American lip gloss
mmm come like a pinche type of color but
I am loving this hair guys I want you
guys to comment subscribe rate you know
just let me know what's up what you guys
think if like I think the best like this
is one of the best i'm not i don't care
what anybody say this is the best so in
on youtube for a middle part and center
part all sort in no glue no glue i don't
do glue boo boo this isn't this is no
glue or Soudan here sigh what you guys
think great subscribe comment and let me
know k stay blessed and remember god is
love and subscribe rate if you like it
let me know if you don't just tell me
what to do what not to do it I'm open
I'm learning thank you guys
roll up roll up i roll up shorty out
roll up roll up I'll go love huh it's